This is a head-gum original.
Happy birthday dear Jake.
Happy birthday to Jake.
It's Friday, August 5th, which is Jake's birthday.
I'm so excited for it.
The episode is dropping on the 12th, which I thought you were going to say today is his birthday.
Yeah, but next week is my, are you going to sing it on the next episode for me?
Or why would, oh, is your birthday soon?
My birthday is on the, on the drop date of this episode, August 12th,
and I kind of gave you a little bit of forwarding, like, maybe we should, I didn't think maybe we should sing,
but I don't know, just thought maybe you would have something for me.
Oh, um, I don't check Slack often.
Oh, like I do check Slack actually every day, but if I see an notification like Johnny Villa,
I'm like, oh, it's like kind of selective.
Like selective hearing, yeah, but yeah.
Yeah, selective notifications, okay.
Are you 25?
But Jake's not going to see that.
No, Jake doesn't care today.
I'm just so excited about his day.
Well, you know, it's for the day.
Yeah, he hasn't been like on Slack. He hasn't messaged anybody. I don't think.
I think he's out of office today.
Yeah, because it's his birthday.
It's a big day.
Yeah.
Are you going to get the day off?
Me?
Yeah.
No, the grind doesn't stop.
Not even on your birthday.
Not even on Christmas.
Not even on New Year's.
Those are, the latter three are all things that, uh,
everyone's out of the office for. You don't have to be there.
I don't have to be there.
So last, so on December 25th, 2021, what are you doing?
I was kind of just on the computer waiting at my inbox.
Waiting for an email to come in, but nothing came in.
Thought that was a little peculiar.
And did you build that day like does that count?
Or your salary?
So that doesn't matter whether you worked or not there or not.
Yeah.
But like, I attempted to build it with Marty.
He kind of just ignored the Slack.
But you tried powering forward.
So you worked on Christmas.
You're a salary to employ full time.
And you tried to build them hourly.
Yeah, because for some reason, it wasn't registering that I worked on Christmas
in, uh, in the payroll.
Great.
Because it doesn't matter when you work.
You did that to you.
And you didn't even work.
Waiting by the inbox counts as work for me.
Are you 25 today or 26?
25, quarter life crisis.
Yeah.
Because now are you.
Huge smile.
So yeah, what are you experiencing in a quarter life crisis?
Are you seeing goals shift?
Are you making any changes?
Uh, no changes.
I think that I was a perfect person yesterday as I was today.
So what a boring life if you think you're perfect in humanity.
Like I've nothing to grow towards or for.
I mean, I guess I like the only things I really change are the toilet paper and my clothes.
I guess like nice.
Yeah.
So that'll be on the out of context, Twitter, I think.
Uh, yeah.
We're having fun.
Johnny Villas, uh, smooth vocals on the sacks right now.
And also, uh, grace and wise,
bringing up the rear and Brad Hilds on the day.
Um.
This is sort of a boys episode.
Sort of.
Kind of, man.
Yeah.
Because it's like, we got the young guns of head gun.
Uh.
On young guns.
The young guns.
Which isn't even true because Brad, you have deteriorating gingerbread.
Yeah.
We're kind of raised on how and then came back.
He said.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
My number.
Liquid.
I have mayo gums.
Yeah.
Uh, which I learned about on Mayo Clinic.
Um.
Yeah.
Uh, I did have a, we don't have a Johnny's birthday segment plan,
but I wanted to wax all things Johnny's birthday,
for at least the first 15 minutes.
Um, Johnny, what don't you want for your birthday?
All right.
Don't want for my birthdays.
Anybody to be frowning for any reason.
Yeah.
And just in your, like, people you know or the entire world.
Stranger.
So if I'm walking walking on the street and I hear somebody kind of crying,
I better see a smiling face when I come over there.
Right.
And they're a frown.
Yeah.
Just like the silent creasing of a forehead.
If that is New York City.
So there's going to be people frowning on the sidewalk.
Hmm.
Well, we'll have to switch it up for just a day.
Is that all right?
I don't ask me.
I won't be there.
I promise you.
I won't frown next Friday.
Okay.
Thank you.
Uh, but we, we were going to talk about hair.
Uh, and Grayson, you have short hair.
Brad, you have short hair.
Johnny, you and I basically have the same face and hair.
Yeah.
What are you considering a change?
Or are you keeping the locks and the stash going forward?
So I've into the New Year.
Into.
Enough.
I am planning on keeping the stash for sure.
You know, one time when I was shaving, I accidentally trimmed two short on the little go tea.
Yeah.
And I think I'll keep it short here and then kind of a little bit longer here.
But both trimmed.
Like a recently cut his hair.
So he used to have the long locks.
Now he does knocks.
Yeah.
And.
That's so stupid.
So Mike, it doesn't have the long locks anymore.
And he told me the next time I saw him in the office.
Like, Oh, yeah, I was becoming a long hair guy.
You're slowly becoming a long hair guy, too.
So what you want.
It seemed kind of pointed.
Right.
But I don't know if that's the kind of personality I want to move forward with the long hair.
But what does that entail?
Like, what is the long hair guy?
I don't know.
But I understand what he means where it become where the long hair becomes too much of your personality.
It kind of engulfs you in a way.
Yeah.
I guess I asked because I'm in.
I'm on the teeter totter again for the first time in months.
I don't think I want to cut it.
What's that?
Teeter totter as in.
Oh, just like, I've been going to like, a lesion park and like thinking.
I don't know the right deal that you're going with.
I don't know.
It's been like, I think I'm going to keep it.
But I feel it becoming like, I don't recognize photos of me.
You just have fun.
Just more fear, right?
Yeah.
Like, I saw a photo of, um, I don't remember who it was, but they had like,
short, medium-length hair with the hair with the hat with the sacks.
And it looked really good.
You saw a photo of Ferris.
Yeah.
Ferris.
Shout out Ferris.
We should have Ferris back on.
He left the show.
But I want to have him on for like an exit in every.
That would be a nice little, a little segment.
Good luck getting the hold of him.
That's true.
If you're considering a change, don't.
Don't move.
Okay.
Don't break up with people.
Don't start dating anyone.
You're stifling your life.
Exactly.
You don't want to grow as a person.
I think if you get to a place where you feel joy at rest,
that's your best.
And you shouldn't change anything.
I did recently hear of a friend of mine,
who is dating somebody that he does not want to continue dating.
And when asked why he won't break up with them, his response was,
I just want to skate through life.
I fear inertia.
That friend was a polo, oh no.
Famous figures.
Or speed skater.
Right.
Yeah.
No, it was good.
Hello, oh no.
Nice.
Really?
No, go a polo.
Oh no.
Grayson has your cock.
Every time.
Well, this is a nice guy's episode.
Yeah.
It is.
This is locker room talk.
Yeah.
locker room.
Cock.
Perfect.
That's where you experience major shrinkage,
because you want to make a good impression.
That's 24-hour fitness.
Uh-huh.
Because you had a bad day.
You saved us.
I saw him just to try it out.
Um.
Fucking, uh.
Grayson's cock.
And you still work out.
He probably still works out of gold's Jim and Hollywood.
I used to work out there.
And uh, yeah.
He was just one of those old guys who would walk around swinging that thing.
Uh-huh.
Hither than Thither around the locker room.
And uh, hey, good for him.
I don't know what else to say.
I don't know what else to say either.
I assume it was, uh.
That was a nice looking one.
No, it was fine.
I was like, it was more of the confidence.
Yeah.
He has a low voice.
Like, that's a lot of tea testosterone.
Right.
There's veins.
Yeah.
I think.
There's no way he wasn't juicing.
Yeah.
I think it really is funny that when you take antibiotics, steroids, your balls shrink.
Hmm.
Like, that's such a funny funny.
I didn't really funny.
Hilarity to me.
Like, yeah.
You might get like super jacked.
But like, you're also losing it where it counts.
Because people are the balls where it counts.
Yeah.
If I could wax, uh, fill us off.
I'll go about my, fill us up.
Fill a cock of gold for a second.
Um.
There we go.
This is a little block.
Let's go.
We can have a little bit of fun.
Uh.
Sexual part is a mine are appalled by my balls.
Hmm.
Have you guys ever seen, like, a nectarine?
Yeah.
No.
Sure.
What?
Um.
Let's keep it going with everybody's bond.
We keep it short because I hate this segment now.
Can I have to do it until the next one is cast.
Otherwise, it's, uh, it's a real bummer.
Uh, I'm going to go with, um,
I'm, I'll go with.
Very nice.
Time for a small balled bond.
I agree.
Let it be.
Come on.
We're going to get bonds.
Hmm.
There's always a tough question.
I have to think about, uh, who I've seen recently.
Yeah.
And I think Dane Cook is kind of a front runner.
There's no way.
He's, he's, he's not in shape at all.
He's faces and handsome.
I'm sorry.
It's a great shame.
And then he's pretty.
Mostly that.
Yeah.
They're trying to get away from James Bond being a creep too.
I agree that we should be less of a creep.
But if we want to do a little bit of a remake of, uh,
let's say, from Russia with love.
Or golden eye.
But I think that he's the, he's the best guy for us.
Yeah.
Brad.
Who?
Uh, I mean, how do I, how do I beat that?
Uh, my pussy.
Nice.
Do we have to call it that now?
Does it become really obvious?
So now the new James Bond is Brad's pussy.
Yeah.
My pussy.
Okay.
That's what you're doing.
My pussy.
Octopussy.
That's good.
Johnny.
Thank you.
Solid man.
That's good.
That's really good.
All right, Grayson.
Um, this one might have already come up.
So I don't, like, forgive me if I'm repeating.
I've been.
It's been a.
I'm saying.
Pim.
I should have even continued.
Uh, yeah.
How about a minute?
The bond between father and son.
I'm excited.
Uh.
Nice.
That should have been on my soundboard.
But continued.
That was because of like,
a minute and a half ago, somebody said solid.
So a minute and a half ago, you missed your chance.
Yeah.
You got to let it slide every now and then.
I don't think so.
It's hard to run and Gucci slides.
They just say that.
They do.
Yeah.
Grayson.
Your bond of the week.
Yeah.
I said my bond of the week.
But you were playing a sound.
You were playing a soundboard.
But you were playing a soundboard.
Did you say Larry David?
Yeah.
I did.
Not what he said.
A bond that is just incredulous.
He fails the mission.
M. Cosm.
Well, how to go.
But.
Pretty good.
That's a sketch for a head gum westman.
Really?
Oh, he froze.
Can't just.
Now he he just was silent like an anger.
We have to take a break.
Oh.
Yeah.
That Friday energy.
We haven't recorded this show on a Friday in a minute.
It was so sour just moments ago.
It was sour.
There's a difference.
Oh, fuck.
I had something I was going to say.
Well, we're just talking.
I don't know.
It was all the way before the break.
I was so long ago.
Yeah.
This is so bad.
I'm guessing to be like.
I was going to say.
Like the second time that's happened.
Can I ask Brad a question?
Yeah.
Brad.
What happened to you running this week?
Oh.
Yeah.
I was a.
I was attacked.
I was a costed by a mountain biker.
I.
I slid off the trail.
I Tomahawked backflip style.
And I was.
I got road rash from the slide.
Um, I hit my knee on a on a tree.
Oh, that's nice.
That's right.
That's one.
No.
And then the guy like tracked me down and yelled at me and told me I was going the wrong way on the trail.
And justified physically assaulting me.
And I told him I'm going to go look and make sure that I was going the right way.
And if I was, I'm going to come back and find you.
And he was gone.
Couldn't find him.
But.
So my faith in humanity is.
Is at an all time low.
So I.
I've got to do my best.
What better way to restore it than to come on the fucking head go.
I said this off air, but like Grayson and Brad both joined and Grayson's face was literally like.
And then Brad is like.
I don't know what I do.
That makes.
It's so.
Joyless to be on the show.
I think we do some pretty fun stuff.
That's the word you're trying to find.
Let's take it into some news of the day.
Actually, sorry.
Can we stop for a second?
Yeah.
I got like a notification on my phone.
I'm seeing a notification has come through.
It's for be real.
Is it cool if I take a picture for be real?
Sure.
All right.
Just talking with yourselves for just a quick second.
Okay.
Good.
Good content.
And he's gone.
I didn't take it yet.
I have my phone right now.
You guys know what be real is, right?
Right.
Are we going to be in the photo?
Yeah.
So be real for those who are unaware.
Do you take a picture wherever you are and you post it?
And it's like supposed to make social media a lot more transparent and just be like.
Oh, this is my real life.
It's kind of boring sometimes.
But sometimes it's fun.
Yeah.
It's like a real kick in the teeth for.
Instagram and social media.
Zuckerberg.
Yeah.
I don't think it's an either or.
I think it is.
I think it's both.
And they're not mutually exclusive.
All right.
I'm going to take the picture.
Smiling.
All right.
Awesome.
Cool.
Is that it?
Yeah.
That was it.
Oh, I just got notification.
Apparently Johnny posted a be real.
Yeah.
Oh, I need to take my be real.
Are you guys cool if I take a be real?
Yeah.
I think it could be real.
Oh, yeah.
Alright.
All right.
I'll go back to the next segment.
Go ahead.
Wait, no, no.
Hold on.
Why do we have to wait?
Mike.
We just do it in during the episode like it.
Because I'm real.
You're not being real right now, actually.
I deleted the app.
Right.
Sucks.
We're holding a flip phone.
Okay, Brad.
If you have.
If you do have be real.
I think you're going to want.
Wait for this next segment.
Actually.
and here we go.
I actually got another notification.
Oh, are you kidding me?
Stop, stop, stop the auto drive.
So I can't stop him out of the next segment.
I got an notification for another app, be fake.
So it's to take a picture wherever you are posted about it.
But like, in the picture, do something you normally wouldn't do, you know?
I'm playing.
So what are you going to do?
Yeah, see, like, Grace has got the right idea.
See, silently put on sunglasses.
Yeah.
Good podcasting.
That'll be cool for, like, my B cool app, actually.
All right.
There we go.
Well, now actually, no, maybe it, that, there we go.
All right, now I just like normal.
All right.
Okay.
Can I move on to the next segment?
Yeah.
Go ahead and move on to the next segment.
Okay.
Here we go.
Um, are you kidding me?
Just got another notification for, um, another app I downloaded called, uh,
let it be.
So in this, this app, uh, you're going to find yourself in a time of trouble.
All right.
So, all right, three, two, one.
Great.
All right.
No more, are there any, and more apps, because I, we could just do it right now.
Do not disturb Johnny.
All right.
Okay.
No more apps.
I got another one.
Are you kidding me?
Sorry.
Uh, no.
This is, uh, my period track.
Yeah.
Boys.
You know what the app is?
Breaking privacy laws.
You know that, right?
Yeah.
So what is it down from the inside?
So those are breaking privacy laws.
Yeah.
This is breaking Brad.
This is, uh, a game I like to call breaking Brad.
Basically, I think Brad has been a little too confident recently.
So I thought that we could take 10 minutes to sort of tear him down.
Um, I'll start, uh, Brad.
I liked your hair better when it was bleached a little.
I didn't know you when that.
I know, but I stalked you on Instagram.
Um, okay.
That, I mean, I've actually been thinking about doing it again.
Do you want me to?
Yeah.
But then it would feel like you're trying a lot.
So.
Okay.
Let's fucking input.
People rattling shit off.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'll go next.
Um, Jeff, on your graphic.
Why does BR have two different atomic weights.
Yeah.
Got you.
Um.
Yeah.
It's supposed to be breaking Brad.
Um, accent wall.
That's trying a lot.
Hmm.
I guess.
You're, you're just pointing out shit for my Instagram.
No.
It's in your room right now.
You have a yellow wall and the other one's gray, I think.
Oh, I didn't do this.
My wife did.
Well, your wife is lovely.
Probably.
Yeah.
I got one.
I don't want.
Okay, cool, cool.
Jeff, your shirt is just like ugly.
I don't know what to say.
A lot of them that.
It's good.
Johnny.
Yeah.
It's not called breaking Jeff.
Okay.
We'll just.
I don't know.
Brad, you go.
It seemed like everybody else was having fun.
I don't know what to do.
More like, um,
Brad's.
Not in the room.
Where it happens.
With where it happens.
The room.
The animal reference.
Yeah.
Okay.
Did you just see it or something?
Yeah.
I, I didn't.
You haven't even seen it.
You've never seen it.
You don't understand the reference that you made.
No, I feel like we're.
Because, like, almost immediately, you guys turned it off of Brad and on to me.
I don't think that's fair.
I think the segments about breaking down Brad.
I think that's good.
Brad, do you have one for Jeff again?
I've got one for me, actually.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I.
MF doom.
More like.
I'm listening.
Brad is an in.
The room.
I like that.
Where it happens.
Yeah.
You know, when you hear a dream of that.
It was like Hamilton.
It's like a very popular joke.
Yeah.
But, like, you know, when you hear something that was, like, super clever.
And you're just taking a back.
You can't laugh at it.
Like, that's just how it was.
No, that's dead.
Most likely what I said.
Yeah.
Exactly.
When I brought it up, you guys, like,
tried to be for not having seen Hamilton.
Brad, have you ever seen Hamilton?
Yeah.
Awesome, dude.
So many people have seen it.
It's not.
Whoa.
Yeah.
I thought you were a fan of F1.
Have you never seen Leonard Hamilton?
Isn't it Lewis Hamilton?
No.
Ha ha ha ha.
So, definitely an almost angry.
Um, keep Portland weird.
Easy when Brad's there.
Hmm.
I've, I've never said that before.
And this, I thought everyone was going to gang up on Brad.
That's why I thought this was fun.
Like, with his six more minutes.
He didn't do anything.
I just think it's fun.
Think it's fun to hurt people.
Not on the bird.
But, like, yeah.
You want to break your breath.
I'm not, like, totally.
Just tonally.
Ugh.
Ruffointing.
Uh.
Re Voice-On-Out.
Yeah.
Here it is.
Five panel hat.
More like, I want my money back.
Ter除.
on Instagram.
Do they hate hats?
I assume they do a lot of social justice initiatives too, right?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's a wonderful person.
Yeah, so I think,
shitting on his craftsmanship is kind of a low point of the show.
Point.
Shiny.
All right, I completely agree.
Yeah, we still have five more minutes of this shit.
Did you have slides prepared
or you just wanted to put the graphic up?
I've just been trying to put a little more effort
into the show, so I've been making graphics.
And by effort, you mean BR35 and BR56?
Well, yeah.
What elements are those?
Um, I do not care.
So you don't put a lot of effort into this.
And it also looks like the font that you used
in Brad is different than the one that you use in breaking.
Like that A is completely different.
I really didn't want anybody to point out the A.
I was the one thing I didn't want to happen on the show.
Um, Brad, you're, uh, you're married, right?
Yeah, till death do you part?
I don't think so.
Till death does she smile?
I mean, wait, till death, just much of a fine time to let out
it.
So you think God is going to be sad when I die.
And I meant the opposite that she isn't going to be sad when I die.
T shirt on a Friday, try dressing up next time you're having a bad day.
You're why I'm a shirt.
I was having a good day before this.
Yeah.
This.
All right.
I can't be even breaking Brad.
All right, even fucking, uh, you know, what is his name?
Uh, rich Paul Aaron Paul.
Yeah, er, yeah.
Those are two.
Those are two people.
Two different people.
Can you see his house tour?
Yeah, architectural digest.
You know, fucking cab and man.
It's not like the habit.
It's a mansion.
Brad Hild, more like Brad Shield out too much money for his house in Eugene.
I don't live in Eugene.
I live in Northeast Portland.
Fuck.
Grayson, man.
I'm not on your side.
He's episode.
This is a boy.
This is, this is good.
I think I needed this.
I think I think this is exactly the kick in the butt.
I needed.
You know, I've been slacking a little, I, I, I didn't even know that it was black.
So it's actually been really productive.
I've been slacking a lot.
Yeah.
I've been getting a lot of work done.
Johnny's been helping.
He's a pleasure to work with, actually.
Oh, thanks.
And I played, played D and D together.
We had a great time.
Yeah, we did.
And I love you, dude.
I love most of the people on this soon.
How many specifically out of three?
I mean, we don't need to put a number to it.
Yeah.
Out of four, I would imagine that Brad loves himself.
Okay.
So four.
I do now.
I, I feel a lot better after that segment.
Why?
As I mentioned earlier, I, I got in a physical altercation this week with a mountain
biker and yeah, been feeling a little down.
Actually, hold on.
I'm getting a notification.
Welcome to, what are you guys seeing on screen right now?
Jeffrey James has started screen sharing.
Double click.
Does that the name of this segment?
Hang on.
Here we go.
Right.
With baited breath, we will.
Welcome to Chase and Grayson.
What is this?
Oh, this one Johnny's excited about.
Yeah.
I'm excited for this one.
Return of the balldo.
This is a segment I like to call Chase and Grayson.
This is basically, because Grayson, the last time you're on the show,
we were talking about how you got either stood up or turned down for a date.
Both.
Yeah.
I still went on the date.
And then she went and show.
Right.
Which she had told me beforehand.
We are choice.
But I thought that we could just, we could sort of wax
Chastity in terms of like alternative to sexual intercourse
for Grayson to partake in,
with in Chastity.
Let me just show it here.
This just an open forum.
What are some things that Grayson can do
to stay chasing?
Chast.
What about JP Morgan Chast?
So you can spend as much money as you want.
You don't have a credit limit, but you also can have sex.
Yeah.
Does your RIPR?
What's that?
At a zero APR?
Yeah.
Okay.
Or actually at a 0.1% APR.
So it's the same probability as getting someone pregnant
who has a copper IUD.
Yeah.
That's a APR stands for anal plug retention.
That's great.
That's good.
But I was supposed to keep it chest.
Let's get Grayson into this belt for sure.
And then what can he do while wearing the belt
to have fun without having sex?
I'm going to pitch birding.
Birding as in like bird watching.
Yeah.
I feel like people who get into that don't have sex.
But they're happy.
Oh.
You'd be surprised.
Really.
Yeah.
Birding retreats are just absolute orgies.
I think if he's wearing that belt,
you should go on a really long bike ride through a bumpy road.
And then kind of veer someone off course.
Leading to road.
And then flee the scene.
Look at a woodpecker with your pecker out.
That's good.
Am I right?
Grayson.
I want to take a moment now to just kind of like hear you out any concerns
you have because my concern would be morning wood in that thing.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I'm so glad that you asked.
I feel like when you started the breaking Brad segment,
there was sort of an understanding amongst the other three of us
that we weren't going to partake.
And.
And for some reason.
Everyone gets participate.
Yeah.
I guess my question is what the hell.
I've for me it's the slide.
You know.
Definitely seem like Jeff put a lot more effort into this one with the whole
making sex more than about.
About more than intercourse.
Yeah.
Well, this is like sorry to like trigger you Grayson or like, you know,
tantalize you even.
Uh, this is sort of the climax of the episode.
Right.
So.
Good word choice.
I.
What do you guys think about Grayson having physical contact with a potential sexual
partner, but not having sex or like.
Do you think cuddling would be helpful in his
chastity journey or do you think it would make it worse because he's close,
but no cigar.
Hmm.
What a weird sentence.
I think it could be nice.
I think you can foster intimacy in a way that isn't just focused on the end goal.
Coming.
What what is the.
I think Grayson has a good sense of self control.
So that's true.
That would very much help.
I think Grayson is the most like shredded person I've had.
So that means that you have to have either self control or great genetics.
Or both.
Oh.
Did that.
What?
Oh, that's why.
Nice.
Screen still fucked up.
No, no, no.
We're back.
Um.
This is a great example of why we should never do a boys episode.
Hmm.
I.
I'm.
I'm trying to think.
I guess I should have come with some more ideas.
I thought that Brad would be filming at the mouth trying to come up with ways for Grayson to stay chasing.
I think.
I mean, you're right.
What?
You thought I'd be foaming at the mouth.
It's already weird first to for you to think that someone would be foaming at the mouth for anything.
That alone thinking of ways for Grayson to not fuck Grayson.
You go on long runs in Manhattan.
Uh, yes.
My fear with the belt is the jingle jangle of it all.
That is not in my top five fears with that particular belt.
Hmm.
List.
What are the fears?
Yeah, top five fears with this specific chance to need to rise.
Um, number one.
It doesn't really go with any of my outfits.
That's number one.
I.
I think it does.
It's stainless steel and black.
That goes with everything.
I feel like and that and forgive me because I'm sort of new to this.
Do I wear that on under pants or over?
So let me get this.
So you think there's a possibility that there's a butt plug going through your doctor's into your asshole.
Doct in your doctor's.
That's how you like soft launch it on Instagram is like a slide front front view back view.
I'm all docked in my dockers.
Tagging Rocky Mountain Athletics.
Concern number two.
Um, concern number two is the.
I don't know.
I don't know what terminology to use, but I want to say the slot at the front.
Yeah.
Is it the bench?
Is it the bend?
Um, it's that it's appears to get larger as it goes.
It looks like a, it looks like a deflated balloon.
Yeah.
And I'm, I'm concerned by, yeah, I would say the shape, the bend and the yaw.
Or no.
Yaw, no.
Well, it seems like.
Continue.
Oh, I was just, there's other forms of chastity devices like you could just dress really bad.
Does that kind of.
Wards off any.
Yeah.
Tension awards.
How do you do it, Jeff?
Oh, that's the straw that broke the camel's back.
I don't know.
You can't break me.
You can't break Brad, but you can make Jeff.
Glad.
No.
That's your answer.
Is it block bags?
Um, I have a Tupperware drawer.
That is subbing in for my boxers.
Air tight seal.
Or what?
What?
Veal.
I'm telling you that I wear Tupperware as underwear.
Don't say flasad veal, man.
You said it like a riddle.
The worst super villain of all time.
Yeah.
We have to give this for new Twitter handle for me.
Brown ridler.
Or ridler brown.
That's better.
Yeah.
This is ridler your first name.
No, that's just my persona.
Non grata or otherwise.
How would you say that the ridler is like you?
And I'll tell you why he's not like you.
Uh, he's, he always has a plan.
He's way smarter than you.
Uh, he dresses in pinstripes.
You don't dress in pinstripes.
He has a layer.
A layer.
You're the most transparent person we've ever met.
Forget it.
Let's round out.
Grayson's last three concerns with the chassis device.
And then we all lob up one more way for him to stay chased.
And then we'll make haste in the opposite.
Do you guys remember when you were growing up and everyone, all your parents were like,
Just be careful what you put on the internet because it stays there forever.
Yeah.
So I was just thinking about that for some reason.
Uh, kind of like an interesting sidebar.
But I think that you, I unrelated.
I think you should wear this Cassidy belt that goes inside your rectum and
help your palace.
I was in a peer to be a spot for the balls either.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Well, that's fine because I have taken a lot of steroids.
That's the only thing you like about it.
Um, all right.
Last thing for Grayson to stay chasing, um,
I think, because you do own a gym in Denver.
Yeah.
Not exactly how I wanted to plug that on the show.
Denny.
Is there any truth to the idea that the more mile high you go,
the more your little swimmers sort of decay?
Like, where are you here that?
I didn't hear it anywhere.
Is there any truth, too?
Or does framing sexually a mile above sea level sort of
strength in your tadpoles?
Little swimmers?
I think that's also the name of like a swim diaper company.
And if not, my door is always open if you guys want to go into business.
Grayson is already a business man.
Johnny has the creative unlock and Brad's got say hovering from an injury,
which I feel like is a good vulnerable place to start.
Sure.
So we started.
And what are you doing?
It's birthday and we ended up at swim diapers.
Much like how this podcast should always go like that.
Classic app.
Another classic.
Yeah.
I'm thinking Hall of Famer this one.
Boys up.
Shit.
That's a new song.
tadpoles.
Well, what do you guys have going on?
Johnny has the music coming.
Do you have anything dropping soon?
Sadly no.
I just, I had to move.
So that stressed me out for the past two months.
So it took put everything on hold.
Absolutely.
But we're back in it.
The piano is indeed here.
Operator otherwise.
Yes, upright.
Well, spin it if we want to get real technical.
But you can follow me on Instagram at Johnny V.
J.O.H. and NYVI.
And that's all she made.
The episode ends right there.
We don't get to plug Brad.
Uh, follow Johnny on B real.
Yeah.
First off.
Wow.
And follow Johnny on let it be.
Which seems to be real.
No, you have to specifically time of trouble.
This is going to go in my heart.
This is going to go in my B cool.
B cool.
Having a little too much energy.
Follow me on Instagram, I guess.
Brad the human.
Stocked me like Jeff did.
I had bleach tear at one point.
Grayson.
Jeff, are you still trying to get to 10,000 on Twitter?
I am.
Okay.
Then follow me on Instagram.
Follow Jeff.
Yeah.
At Gray, K-wise.
And follow the gym.
At Rocky Mountain Athletics.
Mountain is spelled MTN.
Oh yeah.
And at Jeff, we already on Twitter.
We're still about 600 away from 10,000.
Let me make a concrete promise.
If we get to 10,000, I will post a photo of my actual ass on B real.
And if not, if you will mass, if a unfollow me and mass, then you'll never see my fat ass.
And we'll see you guys again next week.
This whole thing was does folks.
That was a hit-dum original.